4v4 UD  DK/Pitlord/DL or DR - Necrowagon : 
The hero combination you choose to play with Necromancers and Meat Wagons is up to you. I like to play Pitlord 2nd as both Howl of Terror and Rain of Fire have synergy with this type of composition. Dreadlord or Dark Ranger is added third for utility with Sleep or Silence. You can start with Ghouls or Fiends, but typically I will play Fiends to be stronger in the early-mid game. 
This strategy requires a lot of set up, but if you are prepared it can be one of the most powerful armies in the game. There will never be enough opposing dispel to effectively stop your summons, but there will be opportunities for your opponents to strike when you are unprepared (or murder your units with mass air before they are summoning). Scouting is important with this build order as is proper macro. 
After your expansion and tech, add 2x Temples and 2x Slaughterhouses. Consider keeping a few Fiends in your army for Web. You don't need Frost Wyrms with this composition. Be sure to research all Necromancer training and upgrade melee at your Graveyard. This can be played on any map, but it is best on wide open maps where your units won't move slowly through choke points or become disorganized. 
Later in the game, Cripple is a great spell to use if you have an excessive amount of Necromancers/Mana on opposing heavy air units and heroes; as is Unholy Frenzy on friendly heavy units. Similar to other race's supporting strategies, Necrowagon plays best when you have competent teammates that don't force you to save and carry as hard.