4v4 UD  DL/DK - Gargoyles : 
While you can't go wrong with playing Fiend/Dest/Wyrm on any map, Dreadlord and Gargoyles can be effective too in the right situation. I like to play DL/Gargs on Northshire, specifically, and Gold Rush too (large maps with multiple expansions). If playing Dreadlord first, the skill order should be Sleep/Vamp/Sleep/Vamp/Sleep. Sleep is extremely strong when DL is your primary hero. You can use it to disable an opposing hero that is holding a Town Portal while destroying the rest of their force. Sleep can turn around a game at times if you can catch another player 2v1 or 3v1 and continuously sleep his hero that is trying to TP away. It goes without saying that an early Infernal can be game-changing. I usually won't get a 3rd hero for this reason, plus you want to have a level 5 DK as soon as you can too. Frost Wyrms are usually the best compliment to Gargoyles and you can decide the mix between the two units based on your opponents. Typically I will play 12-18 Gargoyles with 2-6 Frost Wyrms. Scrolls of Healing are your friend here. Keep in mind that this strategy is weak early game so I don't advise to play it on maps where you will have to support your teammates at the beginning of the game. When playing Gargs, I make sure to patrol a Shade around opposing armies to try to "catch" a force with air units. A group of Gryphons, Chims or Wyverns (or even Flying Machines or Dragon Hawks in small numbers) will get obliterated by mass Gargs, and a lot of players won't be heady enough to TP away in time. This is a trickier strategy to play in comparison to Fiend/Dest/Wyrm but it is fun and can be effective.