4v4 UD  DK/Lich/DL - Fiend/Destroyer/Wyrms : 
This is the most common strategy you'll see with Undead in 4s (maybe not Destroyers as much) -- it is strong at all stages of the game. As the game progresses and your heroes level up, you'll become a killing machine with high level nukes. Dreadlord should skill Sleep/Swarm/Swarm/Sleep/Swarm. Coil/Nova/Swarm on heroes and armies is devastating once they are leveled and backed by Mana Potions and Statues. Less commonly seen is the fact that Undead fast expansion is extremely efficient and protected. 
The Fiend build order is different here to optimize macro; that is Ziggurat first before Altar (Crypt -> Graveyard -> Ziggurat -> Altar). This allows you to make 3 early Ghouls for lumber instead of 2 as well as 1 Acolyte to scout/expand with. Get a Rod and Sacrificial Skull and make your way to the expansion with 1 Fiend + DK while your 2nd Fiend comes out. Draw the creep out with a Fiend and you can creep any early expansion. You can choose to make 5 consecutive Acolytes before teching to your expansion, or you can tech after 1 Acolyte and have him also make a Necropolis at your expo. I prefer the 5 Aco Fast Tech on almost every map. Grab a Shredder when available, Tech to Tier 3 and make a Slaughterhouse and Sacrificial Pit. 
Make 3x Boneyards at Tier 3 and be sure to equip your heroes with items and potions. I like to buy multiple TPs with every race, but especially UD as you can TP to your teammates bases for favorable engagements. Be careful not to blindly fight into mass Hippogryphs, Tanks, or Flying Machines. Use your Frost Nova and Carrion Swarm to soften these type of forces before engaging.